feat: [IDP]: Improved the what's supported section for custom actions (#8210)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-actions.md

### 1. `trigger:harness-custom-pipeline`

:::info

> This template action currently supports only [IDP Stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/idp-stage) along with the [custom stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#add-a-custom-stage)(**Only Available with Harness CD License**) and [codebase disabled](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md#disable-clone-codebase-for-specific-stages) **CI stage(Only Available with Harness CI License)** with [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action currently supports only [IDP Stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/idp-stage) along with the [custom stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#add-a-custom-stage)(**Available with Harness CD License or Free Tier usage**) and [codebase disabled](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md#disable-clone-codebase-for-specific-stages) **CI stage(Only Available with Harness CI License)** with [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings).
```
